chore(core): add cleanup-error-pods.patch (#422)
deckhouse/virtualization: images/virt-artifact/patches/README.md

When generating XML for libvirt, we utilize converters that translate the virtual machine instance specification into a Domain. We're making a slight adjustment to this process.
We're changing the raw format for disks to qcow2 for all images created on the file system. These values are hardcoded as we can't determine the disk format used by the virtual machine through qemu-img.
Additionally, kubevirt can create images on an empty PVC. We're changing this behavior as well, altering the format of the created disk to qcow2. This is achieved using qemu-img.

> #### `022-cleanup-error-pods.patch`
> After unsuccessful migrations, so many pods will remain in the failure phase. Clear them by saving the last 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `022-cleanup-error-pods.patch`

Cleanup stale Pods owned by the VMI, keep only last 3 in the Failed phase.

Why we need it?

Unsuccessful migrations may leave a lot of Pods. These huge lists reduce performance on virtualization-controller and cdi-deployment restarts.
```
